[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
Teacher, in the book of
my life, I have written so many sad stories, I
have written so much suffering for my
parents, for my
relatives, for my
friends. I have written
sad stories because of
anger and resentment. And teacher, in the pages of my
life, the stories have changed. I have
written stories about
heroism and the noble meaning of life. I love you,
teacher, you who taught me the truth of
life. You who transmitted to me the Light of
Wisdom, the Buddha.
You have written wonderful words on the pages of my life. You
have written
stories of enlightenment and compassion on my life. I am grateful to the
Buddha, my great teacher.
I am grateful to you, teacher, you who have beautified
my life. I am
grateful to you, teacher, you who have guided me
in the
footsteps of the Buddha.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [
Applause] [
Music]
Teacher, in the pages of my life, I have
written so many sad stories, I
have written so much suffering for my parents,
for my
relatives, for my friends. I have written sad stories because of anger and resentment.
Teacher, in the pages of
life's book, stories have changed. I have
written stories of
gratitude and noble living. You, the
teacher who taught me the truth of
life, the teacher who transmitted to me the light of Buddha-wisdom,
you have written
wonderful words
in the book of my life. You have written
stories of enlightenment and compassion. I
respectfully thank the Buddha, my great teacher. I
respectfully thank you, my teacher, who has beautified my
life.
I respectfully thank you, my teacher, who has guided me in following the Buddha's
footsteps.
[music]